Of course I'm darling. I look forward to our dinner and you're right. My return does require
celebration
And after the press conference we can spend some time together just
Press conference darling you think a bit weird
Why don't you just tell me what's going on? You're not normally like this. Oh, oh my darling dumpling
To share with the whole world that you finally returned people dying to see
You are
Danielle
The assistant Irene's not feeling very well. Why don't you ask me push back?
Your assistant not a doctor. Dear boy. This is priority the press conference will go forward as planned. Let's go darling
What did you say?
Gwen here is far more capable than you I he should be the CEO of Admiral. No
Oh, I get it. This is a coup. You're trying to get rid of me. Sorry Irene's been gone. What a month
Long enough some stranger to undergo a surgery to look like Irene. I'll tell you question my wife. No
They're doubting your identity
Just log into the CEO account. I mean, you know the password, right? It'd be super quick and easy and then
I have no reason to doubt you. CEO account